Docs: Gauge and Bar Gauge updates (#76240)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/bar-gauge/index.md

Automatically show y-axis scrollbar when there is a large amount of data.

### Max height

> Limit the maximum height of the bar row in the horizontal direction.
> 
> Automatically show y-axis scrollbar when there is a large amount of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limit the maximum height of the bar row when the gauge is oriented horizontally.

Automatically show y-axis scrollbar when there's a large amount of data.
```

Author: @imatwawana sure, no problem, I'll update it, we didn't merge [this PR](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/76042) yet but as soon as we merge it, I'll update this one 🙂
